docs(faq): fix FAQ accuracy issues (#1067)
Dynamsoft/web-twain-docs: _articles/faq/show-page-number.md

breadcrumbText: How can I show page number on each image?
description: How can I show page number on each image?
date: 2025-04-17 17:43:22 +0000
last_modified: 2026-07-29 08:01:45 +0000
---

# Image Viewer

## How can I show page number on each image?

> `Viewer.showPageNumber` has been deprecated since v17.3. Use [updatePageNumberStyle](/_articles/info/api/WebTwain_Viewer.md#updatepagenumberstyle){:target="_blank"} instead to show the page number.

Author: We don't need to include a deprecated API in FAQ.

```suggestion
You could configure the `visibility` property to `true` with the [updatePageNumberStyle](/_articles/info/api/WebTwain_Viewer.md#updatepagenumberstyle){:target="_blank"} API to show the page number.
```
